INSERT INTO spacex3d (1,'Occupy Mars','ELON MUSK','You want to wake up in the morning and think the future is going to be great - and that's what being a spacefaring civilization is all about. It's about believing in the future and thinking that the future will be better than the past. And I can't think of anything more exciting than going out there and being among the stars.','mars',);
INSERT INTO spacex3d (2,'About','','SpaceX designs, manufactures and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft. The company was founded in 2002 to revolutionize space technology, with the ultimate goal of enabling people to live on other planets.','elon',);
INSERT INTO spacex3d (3,'Starhopper','','Starhopper will be used for initial integrated testing of the Raptor rocket engine with a flight-capable propellant structure as well as for low-altitude, low-velocity flight testing of launches and landings. It began hotfire testing in April. A second test article, the Starship orbital prototype is planned to be used after mid-2019 for high-altitude, high-velocity testing. Integrated system testing of Starhopper, including the first flight test, began in April 2019.','starhopper',);
INSERT INTO spacex3d (4,'Starship','','Starship is a 9m diameter, 55m tall, fully reusable rocket designed with a dry mass of 85,000 kg, powered by seven methane/oxygen-propellant Raptor engines producing over 2,000 kilonewtons of thrust in each engine. Total Starship thrust is approximately 14 MN. Unusual for previous launch vehicle and spacecraft designs, Starship is to function as both a second stage for the BFR launch vehicle that provides acceleration to orbital velocity on all launches from Earth, and yet will also be used in space as an on-orbit long-duration spacecraft.','starship',);
INSERT INTO spacex3d (5,'Superheavy Booster','','The Super Heavy rocket booster is the first stage of the SpaceX next-generation launch vehicle is 63m long and 9m in diameter and expected to have a gross liftoff mass of 3,065,000 kg. It is to be constructed of stainless steel tanks and structure, holding subcooled liquid methane and liquid oxygen propellants, powered by 31 Raptor rocket engines providing 61.8 MN total liftoff thrust. The booster is projected to return to land on the launch mount, although it might land on legs initially.','booster',);
INSERT INTO spacex3d (6,'Dragon Capsule','','Dragon is a reusable cargo spacecraft developed by SpaceX, an American private space transportation company. Dragon is launched into orbit by the company's Falcon 9 two-stage-to-orbit launch vehicle. During its maiden flight in December 2010, Dragon became the first commercially built and operated spacecraft to be recovered successfully from orbit. On 25 May 2012, a cargo variant of Dragon became the first commercial spacecraft to successfully rendezvouswith and attach to the International Space Station (ISS). SpaceX is contracted to deliver cargo to the ISS under NASA's Commercial Resupply Services program, and Dragon began regular cargo flights in October 2012. With the Dragon spacecraft and the Orbital ATKCygnus, NASA seeks to increase its partnerships with domestic commercial aviation and aeronautics industry. SpaceX has developed a second version called Dragon 2, which includes the capability to transport people. Flight testing is scheduled to complete in the first half of 2019 with the first flight of astronauts, on a mission contracted to NASA, scheduled to occur later the same year.','capsule',);